🐛 fix(#3313): adds ResponseInit shape (#3966)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/reference/api-reference.mdx

### `Astro.response`

`Astro.response` is a standard `ResponseInit` object. It has the following structure. 

> | Name         | Type                                            | Description                                                  |
> | ------------ | ----------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
> | `status`     | `number \| undefined`                            | The status code of the response, e.g., `200`.                   |
> | `statusText` | `string`                                        | The status message associated with the status code, e.g., `OK`. |
> | `headers`    | `Headers \| string[][] \| Record<string, string>` | The HTTP headers of the response.                  |
> 
> 

Reviewer: Awesome, thanks for picking this up @ohansemmanuel! What do you think of using a code snippet like this to show this information?

````suggestion
```ts
interface ResponseInit {
  /**  The status code of the response, e.g., `200`. */
  status: number | undefined;
  /** The status message associated with the status code, e.g., `OK`. */
  statusText: string;
  /** The HTTP headers of the response. */
  headers: Headers | string[][] | Record<string, string>;
}
```
````

We tend to avoid tables as they don‘t work super well on mobile:
<img width="364" alt="image" src="https://github.com/withastro/docs/assets/357379/f51d8173-e96d-4a2d-8005-e72b8f86c439">

Reviewer: Alternatively, we could use a list? This version doesn’t include the types, but perhaps that’s ok.

> - `status`: The status code of the response, e.g., `200`.
> - `statusText`: The status message associated with the status code, e.g., `'OK'`.
> - `headers`: The HTTP headers of the response.

```suggestion
- `status`: The status code of the response, e.g., `200`.
- `statusText`: The status message associated with the status code, e.g., `'OK'`.
- `headers`: The HTTP headers of the response.
```

Author: That makes sense @delucis The interface snippet captures the full information here. I'll update to use that! 

Is it worth changing other bits to use the same form for consistency e.g., the [AstroCookies reference](https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/api-reference/#astrocookies), [Pagination prop](https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/api-reference/#the-pagination-page-prop) use a similar table

Reviewer: Oh good shout! Let's consult with @sarah11918 here.

There's a bit more info in that table, so wonder if actually a list would be the best choice when we face these situations. That's also the more accessible solution as assistive technologies can step through the list items in a way they can't with a code snippet.

@sarah11918 any thoughts?

Reviewer: Thanks for the feedback @sarah11918! The distinction of code block for example and text content for docs makes sense to me. @ohansemmanuel maybe we can get more type context into my suggestion — what do you think of this?

> - `status`: The numeric status code of the response, e.g., `200`.
> - `statusText`: The status message associated with the status code, e.g., `'OK'`.
> - `headers`: A [`Headers`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Headers) instance that you can use to set the HTTP headers of the response.

I double checked and `headers` in this instance should always have this shape, so you can do `headers.set()` etc.

```suggestion
> - `status`: The numeric status code of the response, e.g., `200`.
> - `statusText`: The status message associated with the status code, e.g., `'OK'`.
> - `headers`: A [`Headers`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Headers) instance that you can use to set the HTTP headers of the response.
```

Reviewer 2: Hi @ohansemmanuel , just checking in to see whether you'd had a chance to consider @delucis most recent comment! I think we all agree this this would be a a great solution to that link issue, and Chris and I feel pretty confident about text and not a table. 

Would you like to discuss this further, or are you happy with Chris' suggestion?
